driving home to California right now and
definitely not traffic right now but I'm
saved a lot and drive I'm not looking at
my camera so anyways good morning
everyone it is Sunday and I'm driving
back I'm wearing my pajamas because I
felt like wearing my pajamas
the road today it's comfy I love being
comfy so I have a lot planned alois
planned when I'm driving for hours to
get back to four and a half
power she back to LA right now and then
right when i get back going to an
awesome is to be issued to do to be like
an appearance in one of their skits
they're doing if you guys remember
violet the flogging vampire she's going
to be back in just with a cameo in one
of the skits for awesomeness and so i'll
let you guys know and that's up should
be pretty fun good to put on some more
vampire teeth i'm assuming and yeah ciao
um road trip yeah well i guess it was
bound to happen sitting in traffic check
it out guys no one's moving just sitting
still Wow anyways traffic is super
boring like we're literally just not
moving it's 1230 now just to be back by
two with this traffic who knows
who know okay so i told you guys i was
going to be violent again and it's
harder than ever to talk with these
teeth because these teeth are like three
times the sizes of the other teeth so
i'm trying to practice right now talking
because it's really hard to talk and
swallow so this is gonna be fun I don't
know you guys like my leg up or not I
feel like this is a really good luck for
me I'm going to hang out with these two
lovely ladies there's Audrey & Sydney
Sydney I don't think we've met before
right Thanks okay well then I don't feel
bad for not remembering your name wait
was only cat yeah oh yeah we just met
you guys just we all just met together
you guys who know just now we're all
friends I like your hair cool and all
shootin some b-ball outside of the
school with a couple guys so no roads no
good started making driving in the
neighbors know pretty nest and I should
get one of those yeah Oh God Cooper
falling up oh she's gonna kill me
they're broken okay gotta go ok so I'm
home from the shoot and guess what I'm
tired and I just been playing some
league and socializing with my little
puppy who likes to lay on all my pillows
because she's so sleepy like me and
adorable and um yeah so I don't know if
you guys are big Swedish House Mafia
fans but they just finished a tour like
around the world as their last big
shebang and they did this music video
that I saw today and it is so cool and
it was shot in the Netherlands and it's
with loon who did I'm not sure if it's
loon a loon she did a cover of one of
their songs and it is like such a
peaceful awesome cover and i love it so
much and i'm going to link down below
the video if you guys want to see it if
you want to go back to the netherlands
I'm just like oh my gosh so freakin cool
and yeah so be sure to check out that
awesome video I know I
it and I'm going to watch it again after
I shoot this video and I'm gonna play
league of legends to it because it puts
me in the zone although if I play league
then I can't watch the video again two
screens double monitors oh yeah so um
anyways I am look look who comes to see
me when I'm vlogging cuz she wants my
attention uh-huh oh I have you betta i
love you i love you so much enemies chua
nose in vegas uh-huh yeah yeah alright
guys i'm gonna go and i will see you
tomorrow bye ok and i was trying to
remember the name of the song when i was
telling you about it the swedish house
mafia song it's called leave the world
behind ok just wanted to clear that up
because i forgot what it was called
while i was telling you about it yay